# 2021-08-27

## Today's achievement

I thought about moving more logic from the client to the server and persist it
there. This would reduce the surface for cheating a bit.

My first steps focussed on the user management.
The Flux pattern is implemented now and covered by tests.

Also, if I look at the game as a set of points, I can define a line segment
by a pair of two points. This allows me for one to cheaply get intersection
detection (two polylines share a point) as well as program a simple
Artificial Intelligence. The scoring function assigns negative values closer
to the opponent and previous line segments. I'm a bit unsure whether this will
make the cursor reside in the middle somewhere. Perhaps I can make it attract
the opposite over time?

Since I can guess, that a server will be more beefed, I need to have the
defining logic there. Socket.io will emit the complete state to all nodes then.

One additional benefit will be the independence of input device. A touch can
dispatch the same action than arrow keys or button clicks.

[commit diff 316cf88629c28b2e5bc1bca98f054bf2279fa3ce to 54ab0e108e4717f46e8a2dfb86cb8db8aa393dd4][diff]

## Next steps

- [ ] Look into [Roadroller][roadroller].

### Codewise

- [ ] See ToDos from [yesterday][yesterday].

### Previous in line

See journal entry from [yesterday][yesterday].

### Next in line

See journal entry from [tomorrow][tomorrow].

[diff]: https://jaenis.ch/hobbies/coding/repos/ryuno-ki/js13kgames-2021/compare/316cf88629c28b2e5bc1bca98f054bf2279fa3ce...54ab0e108e4717f46e8a2dfb86cb8db8aa393dd4
[roadroller]: https://lifthrasiir.github.io/roadroller/
[tomorrow]: ./2021-08-28.md
[yesterday]: ./2021-08-26.md
