# 2021-08-30

## Today's achievement

I realised I need to cut some corner. So today I started with getting rid of
that flickering on loading of the game. That will make my game dependent on
client-side JavaScript (I don't have implemented Progressive Enhancement
properly anyway :-( ).

Next I looked into what is required for matchmaking. Therefore I broke up the
forms into two sections, so each can focus on one thing only.
The checkbox hack allowed me to display additional information depending on
what mode is currently selected.

I track the scenes for each user on the backend now, too (it's application
state, right?).

Another thing that kept me up at night is the situation of having to wait for
peers to join before a game can start. So instead, I decided to start with
bots as enemies and make humans swap places with them. I hope I can work on a
basic AI tomorrow. I have some ideas already, but need to get the sync across
clients right and add a timer. 13 seconds per match should be okay, since it
is meant as casual play anyway. Right now, I cannot imagine how the host would
win. At best by hitting every opponent (you will have one life only).
But then you could as well camp on the spawn point. A timeout will help me
add some intelligence to the bot (they should change strategies at about half
the time).

The opponent bots got names. I have some ideas of visualising them in my mind,
but want to add them once the other things got working. The avatars will be
replaced with video (if you choose to allow access to your cam). The name
should be displayed on top as a badge.

Video streaming might allow me to drop background music :-)

It will still be interesting to see, what happens if a player disconnects.
Right now, I will clean up the state. But it could also leave you in an
inconsistent game state.

Oh, and once a game started, moving away should also clean up parts of the
game state (the points etc.). Right now, you can have multiple matches at the
same time in the same session.

[commit diff 8f79eef50d2324abb142f01a3c8e596322fa7a30 to 0f7d0340bea457f1b3d854f00aa655bef527c4ef][diff]

## Next steps

### Codewise

- [ ] See ToDos from [yesterday][yesterday].
- [ ] Limit the SVG to the container but [preserve aspect ratio][aspect].
- [ ] Add PostgreSQL on Heroku.
- [ ] Add contact@js13kgames.com as collaborator to Heroku web app.
- [ ] Use Google's STUN server for WebRTC.
- [ ] Handle Connection loss somehow.
- [ ] Pick a colour (HSL) for every player (human or bot).

### Previous in line

See journal entry from [yesterday][yesterday].

[aspect]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/preserveAspectRatio
[diff]: https://jaenis.ch/hobbies/coding/repos/ryuno-ki/js13kgames-2021/compare/8f79eef50d2324abb142f01a3c8e596322fa7a30...0f7d0340bea457f1b3d854f00aa655bef527c4ef
[yesterday]: ./2021-08-28.md
