# 2021-08-31

## Today's achievement

I couldn't concentrate much today, so I worked on many small places instead of
a certain aspect of the codebase.

For example, I dropped elements I estimate won't need. On the other hand, I
added some elements to display the names with a colour, that also gets
reflected in the game UI.

I stopped SVG from overflowing. But then I thought where to place form elements
to allow for button pushes to emit events instead of keyboard controls. These
get bound to Socket.io now.

I also looked into moving my code to Europe Heroku datacenter.
I noticed, that after installing the PostgreSQL Addon, the app crashes.
After a bit research, I found a way to handle [sequelize][sequelize]. The
recommended approach opens a whole for Manipulator-in-the-Middle (Mitm) attacks
(see [stackoverflow][stackoverflow]). The logging is now optimised for
Papertrail.

[commit diff 967e937076a8e82d6a5fff295b39e9c5c5089d81 to 275f460e5e2d1805b8f7ec8fd1da4051a92031b7][diff]

## Next steps

- [ ] Think about how win and loose state could look like.

### Codewise

- [ ] See ToDos from [yesterday][yesterday].
- [ ] Let bot update state 60 times per second.
- [ ] Unbreak opponent UI.

### Previous in line

See journal entry from [yesterday][yesterday].

### Next in line

See journal entry from [tomorrow][tomorrow].

[aspect]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/preserveAspectRatio
[diff]: https://jaenis.ch/hobbies/coding/repos/ryuno-ki/js13kgames-2021/compare/967e937076a8e82d6a5fff295b39e9c5c5089d81...275f460e5e2d1805b8f7ec8fd1da4051a92031b7
[sequelize]: https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/issues/956#issuecomment-790468093
[stackoverflow]: https://stackoverflow.com/a/68838428
[tomorrow]: ./2021-09-01.md
[yesterday]: ./2021-08-30.md
